- You were so sweet.
My design show on HGTV,
you Tweeted out, when you
were watching the design show.
- Yes!
- And then your wife
Tweeted out,
"Watching 'Ellen's
Design Challenge' on HGTV.
"Scott Foley is drooling
over the tools they get to use.
Nerd alert."
- No, well--Thanks, babe.
- Yeah.
But so--because you love
stuff like that.
- I love that stuff.
I mean, I'm a huge
HGTV watcher,
between "Fixer Upper"
and "House Hunters"
and the reno guy.
- "Property Brothers."
- I love it.
I love it all.
And the fact that
you were gonna have a show on,
like, we set the DRV,
and we TiVo'd it,
and we watched it live,
and it is--
like, I just love that stuff.
I build furniture myself,
and, like,
I don't have great tools,
because I don't have the space
or I don't have the time or--
but every now and then
I get to do it, and I love it.
And I thought your show
was so good.
I wanna see
more construction though.
- Well, you know--
- The second episode
had more than the first.
- Yeah, it's brand-new,
so we're learning,
and the next season
we're gonna have--
we've learned
all kinds of things,
but it's so fun to watch
people have a challenge
and make furniture
in a short amount of time,
and to see everyone's
different take
on what to make
out of something.
- I think it's so smart, and,
you know, we love those shows.
We love "Project Runway,"
and we love "Top Chef."
So anytime people make things
in a competition,
I think it's great.
It just brings out that--
you see that artistic spirit,
and to do it
with something I love,
with furniture, and, like,
I love building houses,
and I spent some time
with Habitat for Humanity,
and I just think it's so--
such a great thing.
- I know, I actually thought
of the idea two years ago,
and I thought,
I love furniture,
and why aren't we showing--
We see food competition shows,
we see fashion.
- Yeah.
- But we don't see design
competition with furniture,
and HGTV bought it,
and it's--and I--
I said I would watch it
even if it wasn't mine.
It's such a great show.
- I think it's great.
Who do you think's gonna win?
Do you know who's gonna win?
- Of course I know
who's gonna win.
It's my show.
- But I didn't know
how far ahead you were.
So it's not--
- No, we--
And we only did six,
and so--
but next season
we'll do more,
and we'll do different things
and guest judges.
You have strong opinions.
I would love for you to be
a guest judge on one of them.
- I would love
to be a guest judge.
- Because I want different
people's opinions on stuff.
- I would love it.
I'm rooting for Tim right now.
- Yeah, everybody is.
- Is that right?
- I think so.
I think everybody--
- Oh, good, 'cause he won
the first one
with that--the desk--
- The compass desk.
- Yeah,
the George Washington desk.
And then didn't do great
in the second,
but I liked his bar
in the second one.
- Yeah, I did too.
- I don't know.
- And then Mark,
who went home the first time,
was really talented.
- I thought he was really good!
- And he just made a mistake.
But anyway, it's a good show,
and I'm glad--'cause I saw--
- You shouldn't
have voted him off.
- I did not.
I would not have voted him off,
but he did make a mistake.
And there's a bench
that you built
that I was really impressed.
I think I wanna have you
on the show.
- Oh, yeah?
- 'Cause you made this
out of a deck?
You took a deck apart?
- So when
we bought this house,
there was a wooden, like
a play structure, swing set
for my kids that it was sort of
rotting and falling apart,
and I took it down,
but I saved the wood.
And we put up
a new swing set.
But I just built this
out of the old one
to sit next to them.
- Wow, that's really impressive.
- See, there's the one picture
my wife took that I don't love
where I'm not at a store.
Thanks, babe.
- I love the picture.
I think that it's great.
- I'm very proud of it.
- And I'm proud that
you made that bench.
I have something for you,
and--'cause you're just
supporting my show
and Tweeting out
about my show.
So I wanna give you a project
for whenever you want
to build something.
Here are some tools and some--
- Oh, no!
No, come here!
Stop it!
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
- No, I'm not kidding you.
- You gotta be kidding me.
You can't give an actor
on a TV show tools.
- I can.
And there's your tool belt.
You have a tool belt, right?
- I'll put that on right now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
- This is for Konrad.
Here, if he--
- Oh, no way!
- He's got a tool belt.
- Babe, so cute.
- He's got a tool belt as well.
- So cute.
- Oh, my--Do these work?
They work.
So cute.
He can help me.
- Okay, and I have--
I have something else also.
Isn't that adorable though?
- It is adorable.
- I should give one
to all your kids.
It's not fair to just
give the baby something,
'cause they'll get jealous.
- They're already jealous.
They'll be all right.
- All right.
- Does this look all right?
- It's fantastic.
- Okay.
- All right, also you know
the last challenge I gave you
to put something
on the set on "Scandal"
and would give you $10,000
towards the charity
of your choice?
- Yeah.
- I have one more challenge.
'Cause you're always
in underwear, always.
So if you can somehow put on
Ellen underwear in the show,
I'll give you $10,000
to the charity of your choice.
- $10,000 to the charity
of my choice
if I wear Ellen underwear.
Shonda Rhimes,
we gotta find a way
to put this Ellen underwear
in "Scandal."
- For sure.
It's to charity, Shonda.
Come on.
- Do you--
This is--There's so many
pairs of underwear here.
- Well, you get to choose
which one you wanna wear.
- Oh, good.
- You're always in underwear.
- Well, I mean,
if I could choose,
I mean,
it'd be that one, right?
- All right, yeah.
- But I have a feeling
this one's probably gonna
have a better shot.
- No, I would rather--
Whatever you want, okay?
- Okay, okay, great.
- But do it on the show,
$10,000 to the charity
of your choice.
- Deal.